
==Liner notes==

===''Europe '72, Vol. 1: Wembley Empire Pool, London, England (4/7/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/7/1972 Gary Lambert sets the scene by writing that "the Dead were overshandowed by ''the'' pop culture story in the U.K. at the time, a fleeing craze known as '[Bolan Mania|https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Bolanmania&redirect=no]'".  The author goes on to discuss the "[symbiosis|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Symbiosis] between the U.S. and U.K rock scenes", and quotes "the great British playwright [Tom Stoppard|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tom_Stoppard]" as saying "Everybody had a sense of that".  Lambert then details how "The first shows were scheduled for April 5-8 at the 3,000-seat [Rainbow Theatre|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Rainbow_Theatre]," then moved to "the Commodore in King Street, Hammersmith, instead of the now closed Rainbow Theatre" and then ultimately "turned into two at the building today known as the [12,000-plus-capacity] [Wembley Arena|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Wembley_Arena], then called Empire Pool", before closing this contribution with "To be continued on 4/8/72. . ." [elipsis in original].

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/7/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 2: Wembley Empire Pool, London, England (4/8/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/8/1972 Gary Lambert starts off by quoting [Sam Cutler|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sam_Cutler]'s introduction of the band on 4/7/72 and continues building on his notes for the previous show by stating "Sam's instincts proved correct: while no one expected the Dead to fill the Empire Pool, they drew more than respectably&mdash;somwhere in the neighborhood of 8,000 paying customers each night".  Lambert then describes the two nights at the venue as if they were one long show, writing that "By midway through the second set on opening night ... all notions of 'British reserve' were clearly out the window" and "on Night Two in London" the Dead took "an even more fearless dive into the deep unreal".  In the closing paragraph, the author revisits the topic he opened with in his previous piece, writing that "In the edition of [Melody Maker|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Melody_Maker] immediately following the Empire Pool shows, even 'Bolan Mania' had taken a backseat: most of the front page was devoted to a huge picture of Garcia and his new customized Stratocaster, accompanied by a headline reading [in all caps] 'Dead storm Britain'."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/8/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 3: City Hall, Newcastle, England (4/11/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/11/1972 Sam Cutler opens by describing the venue as "a dour concrete building in the midst of a grim industrial town" and stating that "the Grateful Dead were initially dismayed&mdash;it had all the warmth of a witch's teat."  He goes on to say that "the band transcended the limitations of the space" and ultimately the "stunned and bemused" audience "began to relax and get into the music" which "produced many a manic grin".  Rosie McGee adds to Sam's short contribution with her tale of meeting and sitting for a while with "a very nice lady", the mother of [Eric Burdon|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Eric_Burdon] of [The Animals|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Animals], who "reached over and took my hand" at one point and, "Knowing she couldn't be heard over the music, she mouthed the words 'They're very good, you know!' and then smiled and patted my hand."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/11/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 4: Tivoli Concert Hall, Copenhagen, Denmark (4/14/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/14/72 Larry Rogers opens by describing "the incredibly intimate Tivoli theater" which "is on the grounds of an amusement park, which seemed about as appropriate as could be" and writes of having "seen the Dead from their earliest days, when they were only Mother McCree's Uptown Jug Stompers" in Palo Alto.  He the writes the show was "1,600 crazed Danes and two folks from La Honda up and shaking our butts" and adds that "The folks at Tivoli that night were in awe of what they were seeing and hearing.  San Francisco, long past its [Summer of Love|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Summer_of_Love], was there before them".  Rogers closes his notes with the same [Danish|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Denmark] quote he opened it with: " 'Sikke en lang underligt tur det har vaeret.'  What a long, strange trip it's been."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/14/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 5: Stakladen, Aarhus University, Aarhus, Denmark (4/16/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/16/72 Aarhus University historian Palle Lykke opens by asking "Can you imagine sitting on a cafeteria tray slide for almost four hours" and then reveals that the "relatively small club-like venue" served as "the campus cafeteria" in which "the maximum audience can be no more than 700."  He spends much of his piece describing the logistics of playing in the space, stating "that there was simply nowhere to put" the "45 cafeteria tables and 400 chairs in the room" and "There was no security at all" because "it was not necessary at that time."  Lykke closes his notes by tracing the venue's name to "the Danish noun 'staklade', which means "barn (Danish: 'lade'), a place to store (Danish: 'stakke') loads of straw and grain, a nickname inspired by "the open and visible beams under the roof" which people would "decide to crawl up onto" for a [birds-eye view|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bird%27s-eye_view] of the show.

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/16/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 6: Tivoli Concert Hall, Copenhagen, Denmark (4/17/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/17/72 Blair Jackson writes that "Video and film representations of the Dead in the early '70s are few and far between" making "The 13 songs shot in Denmark that night, using multiple cameras, give us perhaps the best unfiltered look of the Dead in that era" despite the fact that "the cameras weren't on for the third set".  After describing the visual scene and a few of the songs, she claims "it's the version of 'Big Railroad Blues' that ''makes'' this telecast" because one by one the band members put on masks and "wigs with baldpates and bright, crazy Bozo hair" which Bob tells "the, no doubt, confused audience" are "for the TV cameras, you must understand".  Blair closes her piece by declaring "It's the Bozo and Bolo Bus Revue in all their glory" who have, "for this tour", actually somehow "passed for 'normal'."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/17/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 7: Beat Club, Bremen, West Germany (4/21/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/21/72 Blair Jackson introduces ''Beat-Club'' as "Germany's first major rock 'n' roll TV show, on the air monthly (or so) since September 1965" and claims that "everyone who was anyone in rock music in the late '60s and early '70s showed up on ''Beat-Club'' at one time or another".  She goes on to write that while most "acts probably came to the studio with a good idea of what [one or two] song(s) they wanted to highlight and knocked it out quickly", the Dead "played a remarkable 80-minute set that mixed short songs with big jamming tunes".  After describing most of the songs in the single set of music they played at this venue, Jackson decides to focus on "the six minutes after the second verse of 'The Other One'," and the idiosyncratic ending to their final song, "which is a mess worthy of the laugh that follows it", closing her piece with a reference to the fairy tale: "And with that the [Town Musicians of Bremen|https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Town_Musicians_of_Bremen] were gone."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/21/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 8: Rheinhalle, Düsseldorf, West Germany (4/24/1972)''===

In the liner notes for the show on 4/24/72 Blair Jackson begins with "Let us now praise Keith Godchaux", and then proceeds to effusively do just that, following this first single-sentence paragraph with five more much longer ones detailing Keith's contributions to many of the songs the band performed that night.  Using phrases such as "notes dancing on air", "high tinkling that sets the stage for the later jam", and "great bursts of odd chords" she describes his part in the songs "Black-Throated Wind", "Playing in the Band", and "Dark Star".  And after comparing his style to that of Cecil taylor, Floyd Cramer, and Otis Spann, the author ends her notes by saying that "Jerry Lee Godcheaux" may have "never looked flashy, but, man, that guy could really rock it.  And he was never better than he was in 1972."

<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/24/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 9: Jahrhunderthalle, Frankfurt, West Germany (4/26/1972)''===



<ref>Liner notes from Europe '72: The Complete Recordings for the 4/26/72 show, &copysr; &amp; &copy; 2011 Grateful Dead Productions.</ref>

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 10: Musikhalle, Hamburg, West Germany (4/29/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 11: Olympia Theatre, Paris, France (5/3/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 12: Olympia Theatre, Paris, France (5/4/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 13: Bickershaw Festival, Wigan, England (5/7/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 14: Concertgebouw, Amsterdam, Holland (5/10/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 15: Grote Zaal, De Doelen, Rotterdam, Holland (5/11/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 16: Lille Fairgrounds, Lille, France (5/13/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 17: La Grande Salle Du Grand Theatre, Luxembourg (5/16/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 18: Kongressaal, Munich, West Germany (5/18/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 19: Lyceum Theatre, London, England (5/23/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 20: Lyceum Theatre, London, England (5/24/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 21: Lyceum Theatre, London, England (5/25/1972)''===

<hr width="75%">

===''Europe '72, Vol. 22: Lyceum Theatre, London, England (5/26/1972)''===


