
==Enclosure and concert notes==

Included in the release is a single sheet of paper, printed on both sides and folded into thirds, yielding a six-page enclosure.  The front cover is a replica of the disc's cover and the back cover shows a small, oval-shaped image of what looks like a [[Sconce (light fixture)]] or other small [[sculpture]], engraved with ''Stanley'' in uppercase and presumably from the venue, against a background of clouds that flows seamlessly into the clouds on the cover.

The inside contains a three-page review of the show and a page listing the contents of and credits for the release.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 11, &copy; 1972/1998.</ref>

===Concert notes===

The review is entitled "Concert notes by Paul Grushkin 9/27/72, Stanley Theater, Jersey City, NJ".  Appearing above a blurry image of some of the crowd, these notes are written in a [[Stream of consciousness|stream-of-consciousness]] style consisting of mostly incomplete sentences in lowercase with minimal punctuation.  In this respect, the notes are similar to those that accompany [[Dick's Picks Volume 8]], yet different in that they were apparently written in real time, while at the show.  

After a short introduction that mentions, for example, that the venue is a "plushy vaudeville palace, like the Harding in SF only bigger", the notes list each song the band played that night along with the author's impressions.  Excerpts from some of these impressions follow.

''Morning Dew'': "to open the first set????"

''Friend of the Devil'': "starting to get body rushes", followed by a list of what each band member is wearing.

''Playin' in the Band'': "it's Bobby! ... into convoluted Miles Davis kind of thrash and squall Donna s c r e a m s at end break at 10:18 we stumble around and take stock".

''He's Gone'': "by god they're having a great time family-style interplay betw. bandmembers".  This entry is the second-longest of all of them.

''Dark Star'': "reverent applause, everything else tonite maybe just a lead-up".  This entry is the longest of all of them.  It ends with "a full-blown psycho circus" in uppercase followed immediately by:

"into ''Cumberland Blues'' shrill, insistent lead drilling a hole in my head".

''Uncle John's Band'': "sweet happiness everywhere, all around  epiphany in Jersey City".

Grushkin ends his piece with: "12:40 am. stumbling out into Jersey half-light completely dead to the world did they really open with ''Morning Dew''?"<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 11, &copy; 1972/1998.</ref>

