
==Enclosure and liner notes==
''Dick's Picks Volume 4'' is the first release in the series to include an enclosure in addition to the front and back cover of the CD.  The enclosure consists of a single sheet of paper folded into thirds, yielding six pages about the same size as the CD case.  The front page duplicates the cover of the CD and the back shows a photo of the venue.  One page contains the list of tracks along with credits and copyright information.  Next to that is a full-page black-and-white photograph of the band performing.  The last two pages contain liner notes.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume Four, 1996.</ref>

===Liner notes by Bear===
Written by Owsley "Bear" Stanley, who recorded the show, this short essay briefly reviews the place these shows hold in the band's history and spends some time discussing the sound equipment the band used at the time.

Bear writes that the PA system "worked pretty well most of the time" but that "Monitors continued to be a vexation until 1978."  He goes on to describe the system used for the shows in some detail to "help those technically inclined to understand why this recording sounds the way it does."

Following these technical notes, Bear goes on to make some personal observations, noting that "Taping was just something that I always did and the performance was always more important than getting the tape right."  He then mentions that the Allman Brothers also played during these shows, and "Everyone was having a real good time."  He closes with some nostalgic musings, stating:

"Listening to these tapes again after so many years was a real treat for me, remembering what a good time we all had in those early days of youth and hijinks."<ref>Liner notes included with Dick's Picks Volume Four, 1996.</ref>

