
==Enclosure and article==

Dick's Picks Volume 8 includes a single page, folded in half to make an enclosure consisting of four pages about the same size as the CD case.  The front matches the cover of the CD and the back contains a small photo of the band inside an oval-shaped frame against a background of clouds that merges with the clouds on the CD's cover.  On the left side of the two pages inside is a list of band members, a list of the tracks, credits listing the people who produced the release, and some copyright information.  On the right side is an article about the show.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 8, 1997.</ref>

===Article===
The title of the article is ''"live dead live dead live dead,"'' and Richard Walinsky wrote it for the ''Colonial News SUNY Binghampton'' on May 5, 1970.  The author reviews the show and opens his piece by stating that the "concert was the finest in Harpur history, the finest the Dead have ever given on the East Coast to my knowledge.  And the finest concert I've ever seen...."

The article has a very excited tone and the author writes using a sort of [[stream-of-consciousness]] style.  He includes single-sentence paragraphs in all caps and uses incomplete sentences such as "Painted.  Tripping.  Stoned." and "Whoo.  Whoo.  Screams.  A Bird Call." to express his extremely [[Substance intoxication|high]] opinion of the show.

About two-thirds of the way into the article Walinsky includes a section entitled "it's in the Kool-Aid" and asks a [[rhetorical question]]: "The hour grows late and the Dead is giving their best concert on the east coast and where?  At Harpur.  Here.  Binghampton dinktown USA and the Dead are amazing."

The article ends by mentioning the last two songs of the show:

"Viola Lee Blues with three buildups, the last ending with people screaming and shouting and Garcia pulling the most phenomenal notes out of one guitar.  And We Bid You Goodnight, which they don't stop singing because no one will let them go.<br>

"But they do and the concert ends.<br>

"five and one half hours.<br>

"It's in the music."<ref>Article inside the enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 8, 1997.</ref>

