
==Enclosure and liner notes==
Included with the release is a single sheet folded into thirds, yielding six pages.  On one side of the sheet is a page duplicating the CD's cover, a page listing the credits and tracks on the release, and a page in between them containing a photograph of the venue's marquee that weekend.  The marquee says the band played there three nights and the shows were "sol out".

The other side contains three pages of liner notes, written by "Michael J. Sanditen aka Tulsa" and entitled "Baked in Beantown".  Interspersed with these notes are black-and-white photographs of each of the band members.

In the notes for the first night, 11/03/73, Michael tells of how the band was late and "The curtain opened to an empty stage and a room full of jaws dropping to the floor."  After a few hours, once the mic stands were in place, bassist Phil Lesh appeared and apologized to the crowd, saying "You see, we thought we were supposed to be here tomorrow night."  Their first song, "Morning Dew", was "more or less a sound check."  The author writes that there were "no hard feelings over being late" and it "turned out to be a really cool scene".  He finishes this first part of the notes by stating that when the band finished he and his friends left and ventured "out into the snowy rain at 2 am."

In the notes for the second night on the CD, 12/02/73, Sanditen writes that "the music was seamless" and the "second set had no break in it."  He asserts that "from start to finish this was one fine performance with little if any miscues."  In the last paragraph, he writes that for the next 23 years he and his friends traveled the country, "from Telluride to Santa Fe and New York to San Francisco," trying to "once more give ourselves the opportunity of reliving our youth".  He closes his article by writing "We are all linked together by a desire to take a ride like that just one more time."<ref>Dick's Picks Volume 14 enclosure, 1999.</ref>

