
==Enclosure, article, and fan letter==

Included in this release is a single-sheet of paper folded into fourths accordion-style, yielding an eight-page enclosure.  The front matches the front cover of the CD, and the two pages immediately inside list the credits for the release underneath a wide black-and-white photograph of the entire band on stage.  The next two pages list the contents of the release interspersed with smaller black-and-white photographs focusing more on each of the band's members.

The enclosure also features two pages containing a [[collage]] consisting of a newspaper clipping and a letter to guitarist Jerry Garcia from a fan, with the fan letter partially covered up by a black-and-white photo of the band on stage.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 18, &copy; 1978, 2000.</ref>

===Article===

The article is entitled "There's nothing like a Grateful Dead show" and was written by Michael St. John.  The CD's credits include a "Special Thanks to J. Corkey Custer/Emerald City Chronicle," which implies it is from the [[Emerald City Chronicle]].

St. John focuses on the February 3rd show at Madison, and in the first paragraph the author mentions that "Phil Lesh said that they would have to play in Madison more often."  He writes that the two drummers, Mickey Hart and Bill Kreutzmann, "play together, and off one another, as if they were one."  The author goes on to state that "This reciprocal action and reaction is characteristic of how the Dead play in general", and that when they played newer songs off their recent studio release, [[Terrapin Station]], they substituted "intricate improvization" for "the orchestration" on the release.

Michael ends his article by stating "Madison hopes that you remember us on your next tour, Phil."

===Fan letter===

The fan letter is [[Manuscript|hand-written]], dated February 4, 1978, and signed by Paul, a 20-year-old guitarist who is "primarily a jazz fan of the Miles Davis school."

Paul writes of how he was impressed by both Jerry's "long improvisations" and his "shorter breaks in the first set", and claims that "you are one of the great stylists of guitar."  Paul goes on to state that "What really impressed [me] last night was seeing an established player like yourself who is still practicing and growing - it's really an inspiration to me as [a] guitarist to keep me progressing."

He closes by writing "Someday, if I get the opportunity, I'd like to meet you as you've been so important to me for so long from afar."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 18, &copy; 1978, 2000.</ref>

