
==Enclosure and review==

The release includes two pieces of paper stapled together in the middle, yielding an eight-page enclosure.  The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back contains a circular drawing of a grey [[Cyclopes|cyclopes]] skull backed by blue sky with some clouds.  Behind the skull is a bone with red flowers on both sides and a feather tied to its right side.

Inside this enclosure, the page on the left includes a photograph of the band on stage, and the page on the right lists the contents of and credits for the release.  The two pages in the middle contain a two-page review of the show, and the last two pages contain a small photograph of [[Dick Latvala]] and a large photo, from high up and behind the stage, of the crowd at the show.  The "People of Earth" message mentioned previously appears on the bottom of the left side of these two pages, under the photo of Dick.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 15, &copy; 1977, 1999.</ref>

===Review===

The titles of the review are "Concert Attendance Takes Planning", in fine print, above "Grateful Dead Fan Is Happy, Satisfied" in bold typeface.  The review is an account of the show from the Asbury Park Press, dated 9/6/77 and written in the first person by Martha Megill.

The review is very personal and starts by describing Martha's three-mile walk from where she and her friends parked to the concert area.  After describing a few ways she and her friends found to mitigate the hot weather, she briefly mentions being barely able to hear the shows by the back-up bands, the [[New Riders of the Purple Sage]] and [[The Marshall Tucker Band]].

About two-thirds of the way through the article she mentions that "by 6 p.m. the air had cooled slightly," and it was finally "time for the Dead."  Although the first song "proved to be no louder than the previous music," she writes that "the sound improved gradually" and "by the last set the sound was great."

Megill claims that their song ''Truckin''', the last song before the encore, was "the highlight of the entire day" and that the "One hundred thousand people [in attendance] were ecstatic."  She then ends the article by stating that she agrees "wholeheartedly with the many bumper stickers I saw.  'There Ain't Nothin' Like a Grateful Dead Concert'."  She closes her review by asserting that everyone there heard "some excellent music" and had "a real good time."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 15, &copy; 1977, 1999.</ref>

