
== Enclosure, liner notes, and article ==

The release includes an enclosure made of two sheets of paper stapled together in the middle. Consisting of eight pages, including its front and back cover, this enclosure slides out of the case, enabling its front page to also function as the CD's cover. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back features a white outline of a [[Steal Your Face|stealie]] superimposed on the bottom of a photograph of a city skyline in the [[twilight]].

The inside of the enclosure is an homage to the Grateful Dead's [[Wall of Sound (Grateful Dead)|Wall of sound]] sound system.  The first two pages contain liner notes by [[Owsley "Bear" Stanley]] next to a large black-and-white photograph of the system.  The two pages in the middle contain some newspaper clippings about the show at the Cow Palace.  These clippings include an article by John L. Wasserman, and they are backed by another black-and-white image of the system.

The last two pages are set against a greyed-out background of yet another image of the Wall of Sound.  The [[penultimate]] page lists the concert venue, location and date, the band's members, production credits, track listing, and copyright information, and the last page features a large photo of the band playing in front of their Wall of sound.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 24, 2002.</ref>

=== Liner notes by Bear ===

Owsley "Bear" Stanley wrote the liner notes on 12/15/2001.  They comprise six paragraphs and give an overview of why he, the band, and several others created the Wall of sound, along with how they designed it.  

In the first paragraph the author asserts that "I told them before we began I was sure it could be done, the technology was available, but I was also sure they would not like it once they were locked into using it."  He goes on to state that the system was "a radiating wall" and "The entire surface was working, the lines [sequences of speakers] and clusters [of tweeters for the vocals and keyboards] combining to produce a kind of sound no modern system can duplicate."

Bear acknowledges he got help from "Ron Wickersham, John Curl, John Meyer, who was with McCune sound at the time, and Bob Matthews, Dan Healy and virtually everyone in the crew had some part in constructing this monster."  He ends his essay by stating they "had three complete staging rigs and crews, one was being torn down, one was being erected and one was in use at any given time during the tour."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 24, 2002.</ref>

=== Article by John L. Wasserman ===

The largest newspaper clipping in the middle two pages of the enclosure is an "On the town" article entitled "The Dead: committed to sound perfection."  It was written by [[John L. Wasserman]], is dated Fri., March 22, 1974, and was published in the [[San Francisco Chronicle]].  

The author claims the system "cost something on the order of $200,000" and "is probably the finest portable sound system ever devised."  Quoting "Ron Wickersham, Alembic [sound company]'s chief engineer," John writes that one of the "goals for the vocal system was to make it possible for people at the back of the hall to hear clearly even if the people on stage are speaking at a normal level."

Wasserman goes on to state that because "each member of the band has total control over his or her volume," they "are able to mix their own sound balance as they are playing."  He closes his article by quoting Phil Lesh, "we run everything from the stage" and "For me, it's like piloting a flying saucr [sic].  Or riding your own sound wave."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 24, 2002.</ref>

