
== Enclosure ==

The release includes an enclosure made of two sheets of paper stapled together in the middle. Consisting of eight pages, including its front and back cover, it fits snugly inside the case. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back features a circular outline of a [[Steal Your Face|stealie skull]] in red over a color photograph of a path in the woods extending into the distance.

The first two pages feature a [[collage]] consisting of a ticket stub for the September 28th show and a fan letter from "A Dead Head" along with three black-and-white photographs of Jerry Garcia, Phil Lesh with Donna Jean Godchaux, and Bob Weir.  Behind these items is a background photo of the orange leaves of a [[maple tree]] in autumn.  The fan letter states that its author has "always felt it to be unfair to force Dead Heads to turn to illegitimate & poor quality bootlegs" and suggests the band "put out a line of recordings of your concerts."

The middle two pages feature a [[photomontage]] of three color photographs of Keith Godchaux, Bill Kruetzmann with Mickey Hart, and the entire band on stage.  Each of these photos takes up close to one-fourth of the space on the two pages, and they appear in front of a grey-ish background containing a blurry wing in the remaining upper right [[Quadrant_(plane_geometry)|quadrant]].

The last two pages list the shows' venues, the band's members, production credits, tracks on the four CDs, and copyright information against a dark blue photograph containing a crescent moon.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 20, 2001.</ref>

