
== Enclosure and review ==

The release includes an enclosure made of two sheets of paper stapled together in the middle. Consisting of eight pages, including its front and back cover, it fits snugly inside the case. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back features a poem entitled "20th Anniversary Rag" which references some of the songs in the band's [[repertoire]].

The first two pages contain a review by Stu Nixon, and filling the middle two pages is a color photograph of the band playing on stage.  The last two pages list the shows' venues, the band's members, production credits, tracks on the three CDs, and copyright information.  These lists are superimposed on a very dark, mostly black, photograph containing what looks like a candle burning in the lower-right corner.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 21, 2001.</ref>

=== Review ===
In his review entitled "Trouble ahead, Jerry's in red", Stu Nixon asserts that the show in Richmond on November 11, 1985 "had both an uncommon song selection and a superb performance."  He notes the two opening songs, "Dancing in the streets" and "Cold rain and Snow", which "were often played to jump-start the first set", "had only been played together once before - back in 1966!"

Regarding the second set, the author notes that "this was the only time that the [Lost] 'Sailor/Saint' [of Circumstance] combination was ever played in a show split by another song", which in this case was the drum solo.  He writes of how he found "Jerry's heart-breakingly sweet 'She belongs to me' (performed only in 1985)" to be very moving and that Weir's 'Gloria' "whipped the crowd and the band into a frenzy."

Stu closes his review by exclaiming "This one must be heard to be believed!  E-n-j-o-y!!!"<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 21, 2001.</ref>

