
==Enclosure, liner notes, and article==

Included in the release is a single sheet of paper, printed on both sides and folded into thirds, yielding a six-page enclosure that slides out of the case. Its front page to also function as the CD's cover, and the back is a mostly blank, textured grey that matches the background of the front.

The first page inside lists the contents of and credits for the release, and the next page inside is filled with liner notes.  The third page features a black-and-white photo of the band on stage along with a partial ticket stub for the show at the Labor Temple, and the fourth page features a newspaper article.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 26, &copy; 1969/2002.</ref>

===Liner notes by Bear===

The liner notes were written by [[Owsley "Bear" Stanley]] on 9/22/02.  Consisting of only three paragraphs, he starts out by stating that in 1969 the band and crew frequently had to share hotel rooms, "but I think it was one of the nicer things limited money did, because we got to know each other pretty well that way."

The topic of the second paragraph is the Electric Theater in Chicago, which was "one of the odder ones we played in those days."  After mentioning that "it was run by Aaron Russo," who later became Bette Midler's manager, he then reveals that "We generally did psychedelics on a Saturday, but I do not remember for sure if that was true this night, but chances are it was."

In the third and last paragraph Bear describes the Minneapolis show as being in the "familiar mode for almost the whole career of the band", in which the group started "off a bit rough around the edges, [would] slowly warm up, and by the second set was flying."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 26, &copy; 1969/2002.</ref>

===Article from the Minneapolis Star Tribune===

The newspaper clipping included in the enclosure is credited to the [[Minneapolis Star-Tribune|Minneapolis Star Tribune]], but there is no indication of its date or author.  Entitled "Grateful Dead sock it to 2,000 rock lovers," it features two large black-and-white photographs of some fans, including a very young child and a cat, that take up about twice as much space as the article's text.

The article mentions that the Dead was "a group billed as the leader of underground rock" and the young audience "clapped a lot and some of them danced."  It closes by describing the music as "a mixture of jazz and rock and folk that&mdash;along with the lights and in some cases marijuana&mdash;has been turning on people around the country for several years."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 26, &copy; 1969/2002.</ref>

