
==Enclosure and article==

The release includes an enclosure made of three sheets of paper stapled together in the middle. Consisting of twelve pages, including its front and back cover, it fits snugly inside the case. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back is a mostly blank, textured grey that matches the background of the front.

The first two pages inside the front cover contain a [[collage]] consisting of a Dead Heads Newsletter and a clipping of a short newspaper article.  The next two pages are a [[photomontage]] of black-and-white photographs of each of the band's members, and the middle two pages feature a large black-and-white photograph of the band playing on stage.  The next two pages contain another photomontage of black-and-white photographs of each of the band's members, and the last two pages list the venues, band members, tracks on the four CDs, and production credits and copyright information for the release.  The background of all of these pages is the same textured grey that appears on the cover.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 28, 2003.</ref>

===Article from the Salt Lake Tribune===

The article on the third page of the enclosure is from the [[The Salt Lake Tribune|Salt Lake Tribune]], was written by David Proctor on March 1, 1973, and is entitled "Rock show rolls 'em into the aisles".  Just five paragraphs long, it is a very positive review of the light show, the warm up band, which was [[New Riders of the Purple Sage|The New Riders of the Purple Sage]], and of course the main attraction, the concert by the Grateful Dead.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 28, 2003.</ref>

