
== Enclosure and articles ==

The release includes an enclosure made of two sheets of paper stapled together in the middle. Consisting of eight pages, including its front and back cover, it fits snugly inside the case. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back is a mostly blank, textured grey that matches the background of the front.

The first two pages inside feature a photograph of the Academy of Music [[Marquee (structure)|marquee]] announcing "Howard Stein presents Grateful Dead".  The middle two pages feature two newspaper articles about the run of shows, and the last two pages list the venue, band members, tracks on the four CDs, and production credits and copyright information for the release.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 30, 2003.</ref>

=== Article in the Daily News ===

The newspaper clipping on the page on the left side of the middle two pages is from the [[New York Daily News|Daily News]].  It is entitled "Winging through the night", dated March 30, 1972, and was written by Ernest Leogrande.

After setting the scene and explaining, among other things, that "the Dead apparently like to play to exhaustion", the author writes that "The Saturday night concert was a benefit for the [[Hells Angels Motorcycle Club|Hell's Angels]], some of whose members had been arrested on charges requiring high bail."  Leogrande goes on to explain the relationship between the band and the motorcycle club, mentioning "Sandy Alexander, president of the New York Hells Angels" specifically.

Indeed, much of the second half of the article is about the "mutual admiration" Jerry Garcia and Sandy Alexander have for one another.  For example, Ernest quotes Jerry as saying "Sandy is a good cat" and quotes Sandy as saying "Jerry is one of the most beautiful persons in the industry because he plays with all his heart for the people".  

Leogrande closes his piece by noting the concert was peaceful, the policemen present were "bored by inaction", and the "greatest hazard" was "getting yourself lashed across the face by some teenage chick's wildly swinging pendulum of hair."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 30, 2003.</ref>

=== Article in the New York Times ===

The newspaper clipping on the page on the right side of the middle two pages is from [[The New York Times]], is entitled "Grateful Dead, in concert, retain their magic glow", and was written by Don Heckman.  The article is much shorter than the article in the Daily News, and it includes a large photograph of the entire band.

After briefly describing the band's background and connection with its fan base, the author focuses on the band's overall sound, and Jerry Garcia's influences in particular.  He traces these influences to "the early jazz of [[Django Reinhardt]]" and bands "of the sort that guitarist [[Tiny Grimes]] used to lead", claiming that "the vocals are less important than the overall flow of the music."

Heckman closes his piece with a section entitled "Updated jump band", a reference to "the initial stimulus for the black rhythm and blues music of the late 1940's and 1950's".  Asking [[Rhetorical question|rhetorically]] whether the band represents the start or "simply the close of a long cycle?" the article ends on a dark note, suggesting that "The Grateful Dead may have chosen a more prophetic name than they realized."<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 30, 2003.</ref>

