
==Booklet, liner notes, and newspaper clippings==

The release includes a 20-page booklet made of five sheets of paper stapled together in the middle that fits snugly inside the case. The front duplicates the cover of the CD and the back features a black-and-white photograph of the band on stage against a background similar to the cover.

Inside the first several pages of the booklet is "A note about Dick's Picks 35" interspersed with some photos of the band members.  Following a color photograph of the band on stage spread across two pages is a [[collage]] featuring a black-and-white photograph of Jerry Garcia along with three newspaper clippings taking up the two pages in the middle of the booklet.

The second half of the booklet features a two-page collage of three more newspaper clippings, followed by a two-page [[photomontage]] of enlarged black-and-white [[Contact print|contact prints]] of band members.  A full-sized black-and-white photo of the band on stage is then followed by the last two pages, which list the band members, the venues played and tracks on the four CDs, and production credits and copyright information for the release.<ref>Booklet included with Dick's Picks Volume 35, &copy; 1971, 2005.</ref>

===Liner notes===

Appearing immediately inside the booklet are several pages of liner notes by Dennis McNally entitled "The Legend of the houseboat tapes" and interspersed with a few photos of the band.

McNally's short essay describes how the music on the release was found on a [[houseboat]] owned by Keith Godchaux's parents.  Found in 2005 by Keith's brother Brian and son Zion while they were cleaning out the houseboat, Jerry Garcia had given the tapes to Keith when he first joined the band, saying "Here, this is our most recent tour.  Learn our music."

Writing that "Barely a soundboard-recorded note of that tour's music circulates among Dead Heads" and expressing amazement that "they survived 35 years in a watery environment", Dennis concludes that the find proves "that God smiles on the Grateful Dead."<ref>Booklet included with Dick's Picks Volume 35, &copy; 1971, 2005.</ref>

===Newspaper clippings===

The six newspaper clippings that span four pages in the middle of the booklet run the gamut in both length and their assessment of the band's shows.

In the first set of three clippings, a positive review by Vern Benson entitled "Grateful Dead give a full, rich measure" accompanies another piece containing a single paragraph announcing a second "dance-concert at the Hollywood Palladium" that was scheduled because the first show had sold out.  The third piece is also a simple, albeit slightly longer announcement of a show.  The booklet does not give the source for any of these three articles.

The second set of three clippings features a long review from the [[Chicago Daily News]] by Jack Hafferkamp, dated August 24th, 1971 and entitled "Grateful Dead limp to finish", which despite its title offers a mostly positive assessment of the band's show.  Accompanying this review are two other articles from unknown sources.  A medium-length piece by Al Rudis entitled "Bad vibes mute Grateful Dead" is not as negative as the title implies, but the short article by Joe Cromwell entitled "Grateful Dead 'dies' in 3-hour show", which appears in the bottom-right corner and is cut off by the edges of the page, appears to be consistently negative.<ref>Booklet included with Dick's Picks Volume 35, &copy; 1971, 2005.</ref>

