
==Enclosure and review==

The release includes two sheets of paper stapled together in the middle, yielding an eight-page enclosure that slides out of the case, allowing the front of it to serve as the cover of the CD.  The back is a mirror image of the cover's background.

The first two pages feature a large black-and-white photograph of the band playing on stage.  The left side of the middle two pages features a short newspaper clipping of a review of the show, and the right side features a color photograph taken in daylight of the crowd at the show with the band playing on stage in the background.  The next-to-last page shows a similar scene that reveals less of the crowd and more of the woods behind the stage, and the last page lists the contents of and credits for the release.<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 32, &copy; 1982, 2004.</ref>

===Review===

The newspaper clipping contains a short review from the [[Milwaukee Journal Sentinel|Milwaukee Journal Sentinal]].  It was written by Divina Infusino, is dated August 8, 1982, and entitled "Grateful Dead re-enact ritual for 20,000 fans."

True to its title, the article describes the scene as reminiscent of prior shows performed by the "17-year-old" band who "represent more innocent times, when spontaneity replaced structure as a guideline".  Infusino expresses her mixed feelings about the result, writing that "the Dead let its sound take its course and unfold at will" resulting in "a three-hour show that was sometimes delightful and in other parts laborious."

Divina closes her piece by observing that "The audience never minded the dull moments, nor did it object that the band refrained from performing its best known numbers, like 'Sugar Magnolia' and 'Truckin'.' "<ref>Enclosure included with Dick's Picks Volume 32, &copy; 1982, 2004.</ref>

