
# Log of Connectivity Issues Had Using Forethought.net

## Basic Connectivity Issues

### Thu. 2018-05-03:

- First started having issues with connectivity.
- Contacted forethought.net several times
- Forethought.net says the problem is the modem cannot see the MAC address of the router behind it
- Talked forethought.net into giving me a new modem, one of their choosing, to replace the one I bought at Microcenter last time I had issues.

### Fri. 2018-05-04:

- Installed new modem
- It took awhile to confirm all my sites were working properly
- Accessing tomhartung.com via my phone - without wifi from the LAN - it prompts me to log into the modem - which is scary!
- Accessing the ip 206.124.10.54 brings up prompt to log into the modem - which is scary!
- Discussed this with Forethought.net, and they said it should ot work that way, so I decided to check everything out from the library

### Sat. 2018-05-05:

- Went to the library to confirm all my sites were working properly from outside the LAN
- Looks good, everything seems to be working ok, did not get any prompts to log into the modem, even when using the IP address

### Mon. 2018-05-07:

- Started having connectivity issues again
- Called forethought.net
- They say the problem is still that the modem cannot see the MAC address of the router behind it
- They agreed to give me another new modem

### Tue. 2018-05-08:

- Told a new friend at Google I/O Extended about my site
- She tried to access it but of course couldn't, making me look very bad and surely damaging the first impression I have made on her
- After Google I/O Extended, stopped by forethoughtn.net and traded in the "old" modem from last week for a new one
- It doesn't work, rats, and they are already closed for the day

### Wed. 2018-05-09:

- Called forethought.net fairly early and we ran a few tests, unplugging the phone and everything, which apparently went Ok
- They gave me the impression they were looking into the issue
- They never got back to me, causing me a great deal of anxiety
- I am planning to use my websites, hosted via forethought.net, to help me find work
- I am planning to use sites online to help me find work
- It is becoming clear that forethought.net is not a viable long term solution for these needs
- If I was promoting these sites or working for someone online or both, this would be unacceptable, and reflect very poorly on me!

### Thu. 2018-05-10:

- Extremely frustrated, and expressed this in a not-very-nice text message (that I am not super proud of but...) to forethought.net

### Fri. 2018-05-11:


